This is a script that looks through the spreadsheet of prices from Svensk Cater
and updates them to the new prices listed on their webpage.

Prerequisites:
*)  Updated list on Svensk Cater
        Navigate to the favorite list called "ALLT CAFÉ" on Svensk Cater's website.
        Make sure that all items in the spreadsheet is also here. Any extra entries here
        that are not present in the spreadsheet will be safely ignored.

*)  Updated sheet in Spreadsheet
        In the correct Google Sheets spreadsheet file, and the correct sheet,
        make sure that all entries have a correct article number.

*)  Any program that can open Excel files (.xlsx)

Usage:

1)  Navigate to the relevant Google Spreadsheet and to the correct sheet.
    Hit File -> Download -> Comma separated values (.csv) // Arkiv -> Ladda ner -> Kommaavgränsade värden (.csv)
    Save in this folder as "old.csv"
    
2)  In the favorite list on Svensk Cater, hit print. This will generate a .pdf that you should
    download to this folder and name it "updates.csv".

3)  Optional (but recommended): Create a virtual environment 
    (in VScode, press Ctrl-Shift-P on Windows and find Python: Create Environment. 
    Use .venv. DO NOT USE CONDA!)

4)  Install dependencies by opening a terminal and running "pip install -r requirements.txt"

5)  Run the script update_cafe_prices.py. Ignore all printout that says 
    "CropBox missing from /Page, defaulting to MediaBox"

6)  Open the created file "new.xlsx". Pay special attention to any rows marked red. 
    These could not be found in the list from Svensk Cater and have thus not been updated.

7)  Copy the entire "Price" column, except for the first cell (containing the string "Price").

8)  Navigate to the spreadsheet on Google Drive. Select the first price entry. Not the header
    saying "Inköpspris", but the one just below. Should be cell C2. If you pick the wrong one,
    all prices will be wrong without it notifying you.

9)  Paste here. Ctrl+V or Cmd+V.

10) Profit.